README.md, before:


![Cowee Mtn Overlook-Pano-web](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/viktoriiazolotova/assets/74393811/299c8943-c88b-4266-9112-5fc21988c79d)


# Hello, I'm Viktoriia 👋
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&style=flat-square&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viktoriiazolotova/)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-green?style=flat-square)](https://viktoriiazolotova.netlify.app)

I'm a software engineer with experience in web development. I enjoy building applications that solve real-world problems and using data to gain insights and drive decision-making.

- 🌱 I’m currently learning C# and building [SnowmanGame ☃️](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/cSharpSnowman)
- ✨ I recently built memory game with JavaScript, React and Netlify. Check it out: [Kitty Wonderland](https://kitty-wonderland.netlify.app/)
- 💬 Ask me anything about coding and career change.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm a cat lover and an avid hiker.
One of my proudest moments was reaching the Camp Muir, standing tall at 10,188 feet!

## Technologies
- **Frontend:**
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?logo=redux&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Backend:**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?logo=django&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-4479A1?logo=sql&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST%20API-007ACC?style=flat-square)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)

- **Testing:** 
![React Testing Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Testing%20Library-DB7093?logo=testing-library&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jest-C21325?logo=jest&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cypress-17202C?logo=cypress&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytest-3776AB?logo=pytest&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Other:**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?logo=jira&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?logo=postman&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![CI/CD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CI%2FCD-03599C?style=flat-square)
[![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-S3-orange)](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?logo=heroku&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-orange)](https://firebase.google.com/)

## Projects
### PetCareExchange - [PetCareExchange API](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/django-react-pet-care-exchange)
- Developed a scalable RESTful API using Python Django and PostgreSQL, facilitating efficient management of petsitters and pets. Implemented AWS S3 integration for seamless storage and retrieval of pet-related media files. Successfully deployed the API on Heroku.
   
### PetCareExchange - [Front End](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/front-end-pet-care-exchange) | [Demo](https://youtu.be/2J2XKKKPKHU) | [Live Site](https://pet-care-exchange-react.web.app/)
- Designed and built a responsive web application using React JS and Bootstrap, enabling pet owners to easily exchange pet care services, and deployed it on Google Firebase.
   
### Inspiration Board - [Front End](https://github.com/viviantomato/front-end-inspiration-board) | [Backend End](https://github.com/viviantomato/back-end-inspiration-board) | [Demo](https://youtu.be/XN-w03iGvuE)
- **Tech:** Flask, PostgreSQL, SQLAlchemy, React, Python, Javascript, HTML/CSS, deployed on Heroku
- Collaborated in a 3-person team to design and create an interactive web application that enabled users to post inspirational messages to a board owned by multiple individuals
- Led the front-end design and development of a React-based web application, utilizing Props and Hooks to implement user interface while following the industry best practices and standards
- Implemented test-driven development using Pytest and fixtures to rigorously validate board and card creation and retrieval routes, ensuring code reliability.

### My GitHub Stats

[![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=viktoriiazolotova&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true)](http://www.github.com/viktoriiazolotova)
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=viktoriiazolotova&langs_count=6&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%206%20Languages)](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova)

Commit message:

Update README.md- add project kitty wonderland

README.md, after:


![Cowee Mtn Overlook-Pano-web](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/viktoriiazolotova/assets/74393811/299c8943-c88b-4266-9112-5fc21988c79d)


# Hello, I'm Viktoriia 👋
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&style=flat-square&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viktoriiazolotova/)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-green?style=flat-square)](https://viktoriiazolotova.netlify.app)

I'm a software engineer with experience in web development. I enjoy building applications that solve real-world problems and using data to gain insights and drive decision-making.

- 🌱 I’m currently learning C# and building [SnowmanGame ☃️](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/cSharpSnowman)
- ✨ I recently built memory game with JavaScript, React and Netlify. Check it out: [Kitty Wonderland](https://kitty-wonderland.netlify.app/)
- 💬 Ask me anything about coding and career change.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm a cat lover and an avid hiker.
One of my proudest moments was reaching the Camp Muir, standing tall at 10,188 feet!

## Technologies
- **Frontend:**
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?logo=redux&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Backend:**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?logo=django&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-4479A1?logo=sql&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST%20API-007ACC?style=flat-square)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)

- **Testing:** 
![React Testing Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Testing%20Library-DB7093?logo=testing-library&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jest-C21325?logo=jest&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cypress-17202C?logo=cypress&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Pytest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pytest-3776AB?logo=pytest&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Other:**
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?logo=jira&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?logo=postman&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![CI/CD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CI%2FCD-03599C?style=flat-square)
[![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-S3-orange)](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Heroku-430098?logo=heroku&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-orange)](https://firebase.google.com/)

## Projects

### Kitty Wonderland - [Front End](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/django-react-pet-care-exchange) | [Live Site](https://kitty-wonderland.netlify.app/)
- **Tech Stack:** JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS, GitHub and Netlify.
- Developed a web application developed to boost memory skills, regardless of age.
- Enhanced a 4x4 game board with 16 randomly chosen kitten-themed cards using JavaScript, React, HTML, and CSS.
- Customized the game experience for each player by implementing a best score feature using local storage.
- Increased feature delivery efficiency by 50% with a CI/CD pipeline using GitHub and Netlify.
- Ensured exceptional accessibility compliance by rigorously testing the website with WAVE (Web Accessibility Tool) and Lighthouse, adhering to WCAG guidelines.
  
### PetCareExchange - [PetCareExchange API](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/django-react-pet-care-exchange)
- Developed a scalable RESTful API using Python Django and PostgreSQL, facilitating efficient management of petsitters and pets. Implemented AWS S3 integration for seamless storage and retrieval of pet-related media files. Successfully deployed the API on Heroku.
   
### PetCareExchange - [Front End](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova/front-end-pet-care-exchange) | [Demo](https://youtu.be/2J2XKKKPKHU) | [Live Site](https://pet-care-exchange-react.web.app/)
- Designed and built a responsive web application using React JS and Bootstrap, enabling pet owners to easily exchange pet care services, and deployed it on Google Firebase.
   
### Inspiration Board - [Front End](https://github.com/viviantomato/front-end-inspiration-board) | [Backend End](https://github.com/viviantomato/back-end-inspiration-board) | [Demo](https://youtu.be/XN-w03iGvuE)
- **Tech stack:** Flask, PostgreSQL, SQLAlchemy, React, Python, Javascript, HTML/CSS, deployed on Heroku
- Collaborated in a 3-person team to design and create an interactive web application that enabled users to post inspirational messages to a board owned by multiple individuals
- Led the front-end design and development of a React-based web application, utilizing Props and Hooks to implement user interface while following the industry best practices and standards
- Implemented test-driven development using Pytest and fixtures to rigorously validate board and card creation and retrieval routes, ensuring code reliability.

### My GitHub Stats

[![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=viktoriiazolotova&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&show_icons=true)](http://www.github.com/viktoriiazolotova)
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=viktoriiazolotova&langs_count=6&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&locale=en&custom_title=Top%206%20Languages)](https://github.com/viktoriiazolotova)
